                                My name is sajid saifi,from Ghaziabad,utter pradesh,currently i'm working with TCS research and innovaation unit,
				their i have worked for data science and machine learning  product development,in which we are working 

				on different types of bussness problem test cases.
				and we are trying to solve same problem with help of machine learning/AI and data science trending technologies.

				So i have completed 3+ projects and 1 poc in this 
				company which were mostly based on ML,OCR,NLP and data science technoly.

				and ,Earlier i was working as a data analyst intern in wipro.Thier i have worked on data analysis based
		 		project with help of python libraries like pandas
				,numpy and python optimised technique,So i have totally 2+ year of experiance in data science and machine learning with 
 				i have done so many certificcation,trainings in these feilds.

				 if i'm talking about my college background so i  have completed my b.tech from lovely professional university punjab.
				and my hobies is just travelling and listening musinc
                                if i'm taking about my intrest so mostly my instrest in innovation.i mean i always try to solve bussness realife
                                problem.also recently i particapated in 2 ML hiring challenges hackhon for amazon and cipla company in which i have got 1 position.
				ya that's all my side adarsh.



Contract Killer,Deer Hunter,call of duty,Frontline Commando



                           Firtly i will tell you who gives us this project,and what are the objectives of this project.
                           Project name: Mergining stops
                           Projects is based on Postnord,sewdona and denmark,
                           the Objective​ of project is 
                           Postnord delivers huge number of parcels every day and pays its drivers based on number of stops that they take during delivery. 
                           A team manually merges these stops considering different scenarios to reduce cost of driver settlement.​

                           So,we are making  a product to assess the extent of automation possible for automating the stops merging process.​

                           Scope ​
                           To check  the extent of automation that is possible for merging of stops for daily packages delivered and potential accuracy​.
                           If i'm taking about language which Postnoed is using 
                           Language: English language and  special characters  from ISU-85991 database.​


                           if i'm taking about Scenarios to be Considered for Merging​:

                           1.Same Name + Same Address + Same Time + Different Stop = Merge​
                           2.Similar** Name + Same Address + Same Time + Different Stop = Merge​  (**Similar here means changes in case,
                           occurrence of special characters, misspelled words or missing characters/numbers.​)
                           3. Different Name + Same Address  + Same Time + Different Stop = Merge​
                           4. Different Transport Task Number + Same Name + Same Address + Same Time + Different Stop = No Merge​

                           after that we are creating dataset to predict same types of stops by using machine learning algorithm.

 	Dataset:  transport id,name,address,city,zipcode,area_distance_from_origin_center,product price,recevied_parcel(categorical),gender
                       stops(target feature)


                        
                        Steps: which i followed to making and depoye ML model

                         1. data gathering 
                          (it was very hactic task for me because i have to extarct or you can say gether the data from diffrent-2 type of 
                          resurce as per clint instrcution,like data extract from pdf,images,html files.etc

                         2. data preprocessing:
                            in this step i have to perform so many operation  to remove unwanted data points from clollected data.
                            with help of regex,python optimized technique,and nlp methods(like steming,lematizing,stopwords)
                            if there is any nan value then fill according to datatype of feature if featuers is num then is mean,mode,medin
                         also i have to use label encoding techniquw to convert cat to num data.
                        also i have to perfrom vectrizor technique to tranform test to vactor form
                        cheking there any outliers not and this data is normaliy distrubued or not.

                         3.feature selection to reduce overfitting issue and rduce training time.
                           with help of three technique
                           univariate ,feature importance,coralation
                        4. model seletion,
                            firsty used logistic and i used random forest
                        5. hyperpara meter tuning with help randomized search cv and gridsearch cv
                        6. ml model depoyment with help of flask web framework
So, these steps i had used to create a model for postneord client.

                         
 


			Technology : Python,NLP,Flask,machine learning algorithm,sqlalchemy,Similarity Matching Algorithms(FuzzywuzzY),
			optimized automation using python.




			2, project was mostly focused on document validation system.
			Project name: Computer Validation System
			Project is based on USA client(pharmesyy).
			the main objective was to validate Document with proper Intructions ,firstly for testing purpose we verify the CSV product with original Documt
			in this project totally 10 cases are there,
			1.first -2 test cases were basically based on OCR(Optical character recognition),in which are extract required information information 
                        from different type,of files,like images filem pdfs,etc. with help of ocr,
			2. next 3 test cases were based on automation part,in which we are verifying the timestamp,product names,taxes,total amount and descriptions
 			part of document with orignal data.
			3. 6 test cases was very crusial which was based on approval part,like we are cross check the status of the medical application ,
			it's approved,not approved in process ,reject,like that.
			4. 7th testcase was based on the machine learning task,in which try to
			 predict weather no of steps mentioned in application is multiple or single,it's was binary calssification based problem.
		5. 8th test cases was based on sentiment analysis part,in which we were extract the feedback part from  pdf application and try to predict weather
		 this feedback text is positive,negative,neurtal etc.in this we had used python,OCR,NLP,and machine learning algorithm.
		6.9th and 10th test cases are mostly depend on checking accuracy of each test cases and create dashbord in form of pie chart and bar chart.

		Technology : Python,NLP,Flask,machine learning algorithm,SQLalchemy,optimized automation using python,OCR.










